so this is to replace a broken fuel door
hinge 2011 volvo v70 i think it's pretty
much the same on a 60's etc so i don't
know if you can see this but this spring
is supposed to be over here there's a
clip piece of plastic that broke off
right there and another one right there
let's get the sad way so first thing do
order new one I got this for three bucks
three something under four dollars
including shipping off eBay thing to
note is how its put together here the
pan that goes through that clip to
expand it to sort of like a wall anchor
so the first thing I'm going to do is to
drive those pins on the existing door
hinge all the way through with a punch
so I've got a punch this is a 1/8 inch
punch I'm just going to try and drive
those pins there's four of them one two
three four through to the other side
rather than trying to back them out
those pins still seem to be keeping
those plugs expanded on the backside so
I'm going to plan B which is to finish
this off by drilling it out instead with
a quarter inch drill all we need to do
is make sure that our drill is not so
big that it's going to hit the metal
so I'm going to double check the size of
the drill against the size of that
expansion pin on the backside I have a
new drill it's 7/32 a little smaller is
if so I'm just going to drill this out
that's all just real slow was enough to
break that one
okay there it goes so now we can clean
the rest of that off put the new one on
so the next step is to get the old hinge
off the fuel door and since the fuel
door is plastic I want to be kind of
careful about this I'm going to try and
twist that hinge and pop it off just
break it
despite being so old it's still got a
good grip on that hinge piece
so the hinge didn't find my screwdriver
prying too compelling I just went across
the back the hinge with a box knife like
20 times I'm going to try and pry it on
the front again we'll see if that
changes its mind about coming off
all right I finally got that thing loose
I ended up taking a box knife across the
ins inside face the hinge the back side
of the hinge didn't break it off so I
just came in through here and carved it
carved carved it until this one came off
and as soon as the one came off then the
other did too okay so we're at the last
step we got this new hinge snap down
spring is tucked under those little
plastic catches which are what broke off
on the old hinge and the next thing is
just to try to get the video on here I
don't know if you're gonna be able to
see it next thing it's just a line those
four pulls up and drive the pins in
alright sunshine on my phone so I can't
really see the screen anyway I just
snapped in the door the pins aren't
pushed in yet it's just holding themself
in and then I'm just gonna try and drive
these in I don't know if I can do a
one-handed all right I'm gonna have to
put the phone down so I'm just gonna use
a hand small hammer and a punch to knock
those foot flush okay so I knocked those
flush one two three four and now that
hinge is back to working the way the
poster with the spring attached can't
get much easier this is the last part of
the video this is the part that I got I
got this on eBay and like I said it was
like three dollars and fifty cents
including shipping
it's doorman do RM am doorman products
calm was the original manufacturer
that's not who I bought it from says
fuel tank door hinge and it's there part
number nine - 4 - 1 4 0 works like a
charm if anybody has any suggestions
about how to get that hinge off the door
the fuel door that was the hardest part
I had to deal with let me know